Blog - Multivariate testing, explained (#7123)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/product-engineers/ab-testing-guide-for-engineers.md

![How A/B testing works](../images/blog/ab-testing-guide-for-engineers/ab-test-illustration.jpg)

> There are a few different types of A/B test, such as [multivariate](/blog/multivariated-testing-explained) (where you're testing more than one variation) and multi-page "funnel" tests (where you're testing different user paths), but this guide is focused traditional A/B tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few different types of A/B test, such as [multivariate](/product-engineers/multivariate-testing-explained) (where you're testing more than one variation) and multi-page "funnel" tests (where you're testing different user paths), but this guide is focused traditional A/B tests. 
```
